#Magical Software#

After reading the article about "Magical Software" I definitely agree with some of the points made by the author. In this day and age, users want to be able to access a product or service as quickly as possible with as few taps or clicks as possible. While the registration or sign up process must still remain because it's a way to gather valuable data, users no longer want to have to fill out pages of information. I completely agree with the author when he mentions that as a designer, if you're creating a product that generates valuable analysis, you must also design how customers will receive this analysis. This is incredibly important because as I mentioned, this data is very important but at the same time, you don't want to lose out on potential users or customers because it takes too long to sign up and register. 

Some of the trends that the article explains I have in fact tried to use within my social network. For example, rather than asking users to type out games or friends within the respective sections of my app, I have instead used a lot of imagery to engage the users and allow them to just click what they want with 1 tap rather than multiple taps to type and then select. In my opinion I have also made my sign up process as simple as possible. While I still wanted to ensure I gained valuable data about my users age and full name, I split this up into a couple of stages to make it as simple as possible. This must have been successful as the ease of use was mentioned a lot in my Face2Face and everyone who tested it thought it was a great way of doing things. 